docs/introduction.rst, before:

.. _introduction:

=======================
Introduction to ElikoPy
=======================

ElikoPy is Python library aiming at easing the processing of diffusion imaging 
for microstructural analysis. This Python library is based on

- DIPY, a python library for the analysis of MR diffusion imaging.
- Microstructure fingerprinting, a python library doing estimation of white matter microstructural properties from a dictionary of Monte Carlo diffusion MRI fingerprints.
- FSL, a comprehensive library of analysis tools for FMRI, MRI and DTI brain imaging data.
- DIAMOND, a c software that is characterizing brain tissue by assessment of the distribution of anisotropic microstructural environments in diffusion-compartment imaging.
- Dmipy, a python library estimating diffusion MRI-based microstructure features, used to fit and recover the parameters of multi-compartment microstructure models



Why use ElikoPy?
======================

Because ElikoPy is nice!
	
Features
========

1. Preprocessing of your dMRI data. The preprocessing includes as optional steps the following corrections: reslice, denoising (MP-PCA), gibbs ringing correction, susceptibility and eddy current induced distortions correction, motion correction (volume-to-volume and slice-to-volume).
2. Generation of a synthesized b0 for diffusion distortion correction using the based on the Synb0-DISCO repository (https://github.com/MASILab/Synb0-DISCO ). This synthesized b0 is usefull for topup if the acquistion was only performed with one phase encoding direction.
3. The library can compute the DTI, Noddi, DIAMOND and the novel Microstucturefingerprinting metric.
4. Complete quality reports to review each step of the processing
5. Tissue segmentation from T1 images
6. Ability to run TBSS (FSL) on the dataset
7. A paper on this library will soon provide a complete assesment of the perfomances of the library.

Use Cases
=========

--------------------
Reproducible science
--------------------

ElikoPy provides a standard processing experience!

---------------------------
Bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
---------------------------

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod 
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, 
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo 
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit 
esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat 
cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim 
id est laborum.

Commit message:

Add more documentation (intro + project structure)

docs/introduction.rst, after:

.. _introduction:

=======================
Introduction to ElikoPy
=======================

ElikoPy is Python library aiming at easing the processing of diffusion imaging 
for microstructural analysis. ElikoPy expands state of the art pipeline frameworks by providing a complete 
quality assessment and quality reports for each processed subject, providing a standardized
framework to ensure reproducibility and consistency, reducing error propagation and
improve sensitivity. It also grants the possibility for clinicians to perform fast preprocessing
for a large variety of studies with minimal knowledge.

The ElikoPy library was developed during a Master’s thesis.

.. note::
	If you wish to learn more about the library and its validation, we invite you to read our `Master's thesis <http://hdl.handle.net/2078.1/thesis:30673>`_.


Why use ElikoPy?
======================

Diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) is a rapidly evolving, non radiating and non
invasive technique that allows to capture information on the brain microstructure through the restricted
diffusion of water molecules. DW-MRI has seen a growing interest in the recent years motivating the
acquisition of large multi-scanner multi-site data sets. The substantial acquisition time of this type of MRI
sequence has also encouraged the extensive use of Echo Planar Imaging which suffers from additional
artifacts and noise. Several tools have been developed in order to correct those individual problems
but they come with the disadvantages of processing only one subject at a time and requiring different
softwares making them cumbersome to use. This work presents and evaluates the performances of the
ElikoPy library, a complete diffusion MRI processing pipeline that reduces common sources of artifact and
captures information on the brain microstructure through multiple microstructural diffusion models. ElikoPy
has been designed to deal with large databases and to be robust to different types of acquisitions.
	
Features
========

1. Preprocessing of your dMRI data.
2. Generation of a synthesized b0 for diffusion distortion correction using the based on the `Synb0-DISCO repository <https://github.com/MASILab/Synb0-DISCO>`_. This synthesized b0 is usefull for topup if the acquistion was only performed with one phase encoding direction.
3. The library can compute the DTI, Noddi, DIAMOND and the novel Microstucturefingerprinting metric.
4. Complete quality reports to review each step of the processing.
5. Tissue segmentation from T1 images.
6. Ability to run subject and group wise statistics on the dataset.

Use Cases
=========

--------------------
Reproducible science
--------------------

ElikoPy provides a standard processing experience!

---------------------------
Bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
---------------------------

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod 
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, 
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo 
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit 
esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat 
cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim 
id est laborum.
